when he tells me such genes
She will not fall Anna Anna novel
works as a nurse
72 come out now in the treatment room
clinics check in and she passes on 80 100
percent by the way there is a long time got used
even learned how to set people up
that donating blood is not so scary
Irina Krylova Senior Nurse
tolerates paternal department
polyclinics
work the general reception buildings
always difficult
but Irina Vladimirovna has her own secret
communication when communicating with people i think that
she is more important
explanation
for four years now and the program has been working
pair with oncologists екатерины on the left
load has increased significantly but in
Russia country complains
besides being the eldest
Sister Tactical Polyclinic
account work
political lead
cabinet and since this year taken
decision on
introduction of ecology national
notable pricing project
in Holland
we have increased the number
work with the rebels
on fresh
path sick from
expansion doctors and the whole care
get more than a thousand people
metal bar plates extra staff
12 doctors
now there is only
the responsibility of the puppy is more
do what service
with all who successfully cope
certainly work in the clinic always
complicated
sick people long queues sea
anxiety discontent
in such conditions to be benevolent
difficult but possible if the work is not only
position but also calling for courtesy
smile secrets another nurse
hospital irina moschino senior medical
sister of the therapeutic
offices work for about a year by her
submission of more than 20 specialists
patience is one of two large crb compartments
and it's not just dropping pills dropper
here is another big difference
I talked of that age and and
come to us
chronic disease disease
Russia, Sweden
that is, these people need not only
having been refused this drug but also
psychological and really when
most patients
older sex Canadian couple
helps
better injections
Irina Evgenjevna somewhere understood this
teaches his secret to students
Vysotsky branch of Nizhny Novgorod
basic medical
college
she teaches nursing
yesterday pay
and teaches not only how to
put a dropper to love respect
sick of course
regarding this is not very
respectfully
body length as if it's your own
person
your relative and not some stranger from the street
no, then lying on it will be easier and you
tried to make faster if im
only support nose equine still have good
word future nurses brothers
Coenam medicine passes and polka
expensive
older operating sister
be honest
students disrespectful
are afraid
strict and demanding she
knows what is nursing surgery
students should know from and to 3
after all a surgical question of time on
meditations
the medical staff sometimes does not happen
at least she works in the operating 30 years
olga vladimirovna constantly
being improved
so I studied in Kazan
Medical Academy
laparoscopic is now involved
endoscopic operations
now it is a lot of them
continuing education
nurse job feature
Julia soldier for example sent process
electric car geography daily spend
daily monitoring
blood pressure is much different
previously doctors and patients voice
they say
real owner of the courtesy cabinet
accurate handling
its distinctive feature
Especially since admission
modern technology
here is a hospital tale
it became a matter of habit
and improving the quality of service in this
plan
emphasizes the sick
other left-handed people came
service solution and there is
a life
tons more
company
hornets clip
deciding what kind of people
but how much is now assigned to the holy
saints any hospital maternity ward
often in the picture can only guess
and here the Germans have also mastered everything long ago
the most difficult technique a lot of innovations
had to
advocate for child nurses
work in the obstetric department
one solid feature for adults
helps patients in the main breeds
on the little patient surrounds
heat care from birth
Galina Moleva
their unusual work with newborns
unusual does not count nevertheless says
every time he hears the first cry
born exciting and very
caretaking teacher of young mothers hygiene
baby how to properly butts in
breast and baby
and many more baby nurses
copes with quite she created works
five children's nurses
11 experienced qualified
passed additional
resuscitation training
newborn owner more difficult
note that the instrumentation
help babies are born
support retail delivery moment
fight the hardest herbs and their
consequences like this everyday does in
resuscitation unit
dachich chronic diseases or
operate on wounds
follow the psychological and
neurological condition of the patient
examine children
and adults in the clinic
about nurses sometimes say
a vocational assistant many
claims success in treatment is
correctly take on the leak and good
nursing nurses troops
specialists
and patient data knows about it
hearsay